[Ready for review] New chapter: Research compendia (#840)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/content/research_compendia/research_compendia.md

The collection is created in such a way that reproducing all results is straight forward {% cite Nuest2017compendia Gentleman2007statistical %}.

This chapter has many prerequesites as it takes all digital components of a project together into a reproducible research package.
That said: a research compendium can be constructed with minimal technical knowledge.
The main purpose is that all elements of a project are published together, so a basic folder structure combining all components can be sufficient.

<!--- TODO: add image of package with code, text, graphs, questionnaires, ... -->

> ## How this will help you/ why this is useful

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How this will help you/why this is useful
```

A research compendium combines all elements of your project, allowing others to reproduce your work, and should be the final product of your research project.
Publishing a research compendium (rather than just publishing a paper) allows access to your input, the analysis, and, if the compendium can be executed, the resulting output.

> This not only installs trust in your research but can give you more visibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This does not only instill trust in your research but can give you more visibility.
```

Others may use your research in unexpected ways.
Some of those are listed below ([Using a research compendium](#Using_a_research_compendium)).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Others may use your research in unexpected ways, some of which are discussed below (refer section: [Using a research compendium](#Using_a_research_compendium)).

```

## How this will help you/ why this is useful

An executable research compendium should be the final product of your research project.

> Publishing a research compendium (rather than just publishing a paper) allows others to redo your computations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publishing your research paper along with a research compendia allows others to rerun and test your computations.
```

- As supplementary material of a paper publication.

For examples, see the label/tag/community "research-compendium" (applied on GitHub, Zenodo, OSF) or as a fallback the term "research compendium" in the description (used on GitLab).

In the future, the research compendium may even be the publication itself which is being peer reviewed (rather that just peer reviewing the paper, why not review the entire research project).

### Using a research compendium

A research compendium can be used in several ways, including (but not limited to):

- Peer review: If peers can check what you have done, they can review it much more thoroughly.
- Understanding research: If you really want to understand what someone has done in their research project, the research compendium is what you need to look at.
- Teaching: Research compendia can be great examples to be used in teaching.
- Reproducibility studies / repro hacks: A research compendium allows other researchers to attempt (and hopefully succeed) to redo your computations.

## Checklist

To create a research compendium, follow these steps:

- [ ] Think about a good folder structure (see example above)

> - [ ] Create folder structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Create folder structure (i.e. main directory and sub directories)
```

## Further reading

The website https://research-compendium.science contains links to further resources and publications on research compendia as well as links to examples.

> 

Reviewer: Can you see where is the line 125-128 is coming from?

Author: I am not sure I understand what you mean

Reviewer: There were some placeholders in the file. I think it's ok to keep them in but 
I thought you might want to check.
